FinAn is a Flask web application that can essentially be broken up into two main parts: the front-end and back-end. A combination of Python, SQL, HTML, and CSS was used to construct FinAn. Python and SQL make up the back-end of the web application, while HTML and CSS make up the front-end.

In terms of the back-end, two Python files were used to make FinAn: "my_app.py" and "app_helpers.py". "my_app.py" creates the Flask application and contains the instructions and algorithms for FinAn to work as intended. On the other hand, "app_helpers.py" has two functions that are constantly used by "my_app.py". Breaking up the code into two files like this allowed for better organization of the code. Two important features used within the "my_app.py" file are the "yfinance" and "matplotlib" libraries. The "yfinance" library was imported to allow for financial data extraction from Yahoo Finance (https://finance.yahoo.com/), while the "matplotlib" library was imported to allow for the creation of graphs.

Another important aspect of "my_app.py" is that it creates a data visualization after analyzing a user's investment. The data visualization is created and saved as a file named "analysis.png" in the "/final" folder. The decision to store the data visualization locally was so that users have the ability to save the graphical representation of FinAn's investment analysis to their devices or easily share it with others as desired.

"my_app.py" works closely with another file: "project.db", which contains a SQL database. In this SQL database, there are 2 tables: users and forum. The users tables contains information for every registered user of FinAn, such as their username and hashed password, while the forum table contains information on every post that has been created for the discussion forum. Using a SQL database to keep track of user information and forum posts was useful because it allowed for a way to store secondary information separate from the Python files. Additionally, new rows can be inserted in each table as needed as people use FinAn. 

Several HTML files located within the "/templates" folder as well as a JPG and CSS file located within the "/static" folder make up the front-end of FinAn. In the "/templates" folder there is a file named "layout.html", which contains the website code for FinAn. This code is then extended by every other HTML file in that folder, with every other HTML file having unique title and main tags. This allows for code to be reused instead of repeated. The "styles.css" file contains the stylistic elements that are used by several elements in each HTML file. The "finance.jpg" file contains an image that is used by the "styles.css" file to set a background image for every page of FinAn.

All in all, the back-end components work closely with the front-end components to allow FinAn to function properly and display information to users in a clear, comprehensible, and interactive way.